{"code":"(window.webpackJsonp=window.webpackJsonp||[]).push([[10],{213:function(e,i,t){\"use strict\";t.r(i);var a=t(0),n=Object(a.a)({},(function(){var e=this,i=e.$createElement,t=e._self._c||i;return t(\"ContentSlotsDistributor\",{attrs:{\"slot-key\":e.$parent.slotKey}},[t(\"h2\",{attrs:{id:\"_2020-01-27\"}},[t(\"a\",{staticClass:\"header-anchor\",attrs:{href:\"#_2020-01-27\"}},[e._v(\"#\")]),e._v(\" 2020/01/27\")]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"div\",{staticClass:\"custom-block tip\"},[t(\"p\",{staticClass:\"custom-block-title\"},[e._v(\"Updates\")]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"hr\"),e._v(\" \"),t(\"p\",[e._v(\"Darmawan (Coordinator):\")]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"ul\",[t(\"li\",[e._v(\"Event tracking almost released but management decided to release it together with upcoming version\")]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"li\",[e._v(\"Discussing process flow from BRD, requirement gathering, until development, etc\")])]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"p\",[e._v(\"Pramod :\")]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"ul\",[t(\"li\",[e._v(\"30th app release is waiting for user confirmation\")])]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"p\",[e._v(\"Sulis :\")]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"ul\",[t(\"li\",[e._v(\"Building API for HOOQ interface\")]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"li\",[e._v(\"(++ Halga) S&D users and 6D is still reviewing HLD, now they do paralel review sessions to make sure the project can be signed off at the end of the month. Today Halga & Setyo with some from 6D go to BSD to finish the integration requirements.\")])]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"p\",[e._v(\"David :\")]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"ul\",[t(\"li\",[e._v(\"Working on windmill testing, 33 issues need to be retested\")]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"li\",[e._v(\"Test automation has been created and working, need to create more scripts\")])]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"p\",[e._v(\"Windmill is developed by Diksha (Vendor), iOS frontend by Maria, Android frontend by Setyo, web portal by Sooraj.\")]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"p\",[e._v(\"Martino :\")]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"ul\",[t(\"li\",[e._v(\"Jakarta Talkies' issues has been solved, only waiting for HOOQ integration now.\")]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"li\",[e._v(\"Pak Aneesh asked to do POC for OCR, it is done and trying to integrate with mySF project handled by Gilang\")])]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"p\",[e._v(\"Tony :\")]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"ul\",[t(\"li\",[e._v(\"Working on local repository\")]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"li\",[e._v(\"Consulting with IT Security (Arasi) regarding payment gateway from VAS which is still using staging server\")])]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"p\",[e._v(\"Budi :\")]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"ul\",[t(\"li\",[e._v(\"Working on handover for MySF from Hyperjump, currently still struggling with the office intranet restriction issue.\")])]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"p\",[e._v(\"Preetham :\")]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"ul\",[t(\"li\",[e._v(\"Working on B2B enterprise project together with Bangalore team\")])]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"p\",[e._v(\"Jeff :\")]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"ul\",[t(\"li\",[e._v(\"Discussed with digital business team about BCA VA and powersurf for MySF\")])]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"p\",[e._v(\"Joseph :\")]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"ul\",[t(\"li\",[e._v(\"Discussed with Engagement app users, they are now finalizing the user scenarios, so we can start estimating the effort, headcount, and budget needed.\")])])]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"h2\",{attrs:{id:\"_2020-01-20\"}},[t(\"a\",{staticClass:\"header-anchor\",attrs:{href:\"#_2020-01-20\"}},[e._v(\"#\")]),e._v(\" 2020/01/20\")]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"div\",{staticClass:\"custom-block tip\"},[t(\"p\",{staticClass:\"custom-block-title\"},[e._v(\"Coordinator : Aneesh\")]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"ul\",[t(\"li\",[e._v(\"Darmawan : Ongoing event tracking for mySF, pak Aneesh asks to demonstrate Netcore on next meeting\")]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"li\",[e._v(\"Joseph : S&D still reviewing HLD, done for Hierarchy, ongoing with Inventory, Product Catalogue, and KMS. Engagement app still under discussion, business user wanted to prioritize recognition system.\")]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"li\",[e._v(\"SMD will not take S&D project for Project Management, only on business requirement role\")]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"li\",[e._v(\"Aneesh : MySF has SSL issue, 6.0.5 can't login if not update, should have force update\")]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"li\",[e._v(\"Powerserve requirement incoming, engineer should inform pak Wawan & Pramod if there is any new info\")]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"li\",[e._v(\"Dicky : Jakarta Talkies auto renewal will be implemented, will be tested by CE , still have problem with HOOQ\")]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"li\",[e._v(\"Jeffrey : already got jira project admin, pak Aneesh have confluence admin\")]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"li\",[e._v(\"Sooraj : windmill repository waiting access\")]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"li\",[e._v(\"Martino : UAT for auto renewal, BU will negotiate with HOOQ, already have jira but not use it frequently since ken no access\")]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"li\",[e._v(\"Maria : IOT app\")]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"li\",[e._v(\"Fares : helping with S&D, building templates, scattered information, building portfolio Sinarmas Digital. We need to build own profile with name : problem + solutions\")]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"li\",[e._v(\"Bijak : WOW project, aggregator jakies, & gamification\")]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"li\",[e._v(\"Eka : disable auto-renew\")]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"li\",[e._v(\"Tony : provided access bangalore team for servers, s&d security discussion\")]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"li\",[e._v(\"Gilang : mysf OCR\")]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"li\",[e._v(\"David : testing project ...\")]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"li\",[e._v(\"Aneesh : need ocr to be done from gilang, bijak, and dicky, security issue (martino, bijak, ken)\")]),e._v(\" \"),t(\"li\",[e._v(\"Halga : S&D techplan update\")])])])])}),[],!1,null,null,null);i.default=n.exports}}]);","extractedComments":[]}